**FUNCTIONAL PROGRAMMING**
There was a time my friend joked about an ad "*You don't need to do well in math to write a python program*". "**If you are not good at math and don't understand the vectorization, are you going to write every iteration using *for in range*?**" quoted by him. 
Well, although I am not hundred percentage agree with him, he got a point. The normal for loops are really slow and inefficient. If you are writing small programs, that's totally fine. While for some huge programs, such implementation really differed a lot on time efficienty. Thanks to **Functional Programming**. There we welcome the new era of commutational field. 
First program implementated with scala impressed me a lot. Functions like, getting frequency from a map normally require ton's of coding in c if using the mutable variables and normal looping statments. While, you won't believe it! It literally only takes one line to implement such kind of functions in scala. Coding in functional programming languages, like scala, is much more concise and short, which help avoid errors. 
I, myself, pretty like the immutable collection feature in scala. In Java or C, the mutable ability of vairbales really make debugging difficult since you have to check the change status of these mutable variables. **While** with immutable vairbales, you can simply print the variables to check the correctnesses instead of having bunch of assert statements and checking statements. And in scala, instead of using for loops or while loops, you can directly use map or foreach to recersively iterate the objects you desire. That's a shortcut!!!! 
I believe most programmers hate the moment when they have to go back to thousands of coding lines to find bugs. Then, a concise and short programming language is our angle!!! 
